[Brennan] /n c/OSIng
my lecture on Interst/t/‘a/
lame/lee remodeling,
I’d like to address some issues...
that are not strictly confined
to forensic anthropology—
-[Snoﬂng]
- if it’s all right
with my host, Dr. Wexler.
I should think that all
but the mostjoyless wonks—
and, yes, I do refer to you,
Cyril Bibby—
would embrace a diversion
from he vers/an systems.
My partner,
F.B.l. Special Agent Seeley Booth,
gave his lecture
at Scotland Yard last night.
Agent Booth, could you
please stand up?
-[Snonng]
- Hey, Booth!
Yeah. I’m here.
What’s up?
Agent Booth is
the intuitive humanist,
while I am
the logical empiricist.
Although recently,
/ have seen...
how destructive
pure logic can be.
My own assistant, the most bn'll/ant
young man / ’ve e ver met—
Ended up a side/rick to
a cannibalistic serial killer.
|-| haven’t invited you
tojoin me, Booth,
so you can take your seat.
[Woman Murmuring]
What / ’i/e learned
from Agent Booth...
is that we scientists
must arm ourselves...
with something other
than pure logic.
A quality which deflects us
from an irrational admiration
for the rational.
Exact/y.
[Booth ]
Ho W old is that guy?
What— Ian?
He’s a yearyounger
than I am.
And almost as brilliant.
What’d you think of my speech?
It got better towards the end.
You mean after
you interrupted me?
I’m sorry. Look.
It wasn’t that I was bored.
Mostly, it’sjust that I was
tired, okay? The boobies took
me out for a beer last night.
“Bobbies.”
They’re called bobbies.
I’m pretty sure that...
Sarah, Pauline andJacqueline
are, you know, boobies—
Dr. Brennan!
Dr. Brennan.
What a wonderful lecture.
Fantastic. Sublime. Great.
Thank you, Dr. Wexler.
Who knew such a shapeless robe
could be so evocative.
Ofacademia I mean,
of course.
Just one moment with
my colleague, please,
Agent Booth.
Urn, over the last few days,
I have been warned many times
to watch out for you.
Warned?
That sounds dangerous.
[ Cell Phone Ringing]
Was it something
along the lines of, oh,
“Look out for Ian Wexler.
He’s a young genius on the rise”?
How can you flirt with me
while ignoring your phone?
[Ringing Continues]
Well, I’m a man of perspective.
Besides, I find that ifone
ignores the thing long enough,
generally it stops ringing.
And then later, at my leisure,
it will tell me what it wanted.
Dr. Ian Wexler.
Don’t leave.
This is noth— Murder?
What kind of murder?
Well, is it a boring one,
or is it a violent one?
Is your interest peaked?
What—
Are you being serious?
I’m going to pass you over
to a colleague of mine.
I’d simply like you
to state the origin
ofthis call. Thank you.
Scotland Yard?
Homicide?
Cheers. Well, would you
like to tag along?
It is murder.
Can’t promise anything,
but it is possible
that a famous heiress
is involved.
I’m keen as ketchup.
Mustard. Keen as mustard.
Excellent effort at
the colloquialism though.
Very impressive.
Does your cowboy
want to tag along?
Please don’t call him that.
He’d find it insulting?
No.
He’d love it.
[Man]
A little higher, john!
[Men Chattering]
[Siren Blares, Horn Honks]
Stand back, please.
[ Ian]
Inspector Cate Pritchard
of Scotland Yard,
I’d like you to meet—
Ah, Agent Booth.
- Yes. Yes.
- Hello. I very much enjoyed
your presentation last night.
He’s very active— sound effects,
visual aids, lots of props.
Although, he complained
at great length about having
to check his gun with us.
Well, you know, without a gun,
I’m practically naked.
Isn’t that right, Bones?
- Inspector Pritchard, meet Dr. Brennan.
- Charming.
She’s exactly like me.
Charming, tenacious,
salacious, sophomoric,
euphoric, nob/e, Ignob/e,
fatuous, horrid, morbid,
torpid and tedious?
Flattery will get you
absolutely nowhere, Cate.
[Chuckles]
So you found Portia Frampton?
The way we usually work
is | drag the bodies
out ofthe Thames...
and you use your
extraordinary capab/l/t/es
to iden tilj/ them.
Bones, they’re like
the English version
of me and you.
- Do you think it might be her?
- This certainly is her car.
Portia Frampton. She’s an
American, as is her father.
Do you know him?
Not all Americans know each other.
There are quite a lot ofthem.
Roger Frampton—
airlines, Internet ventures,
luxury construction.
Full disclosure, Cate.
I’m currently analyzing
one of his construction sites.
Frampton Wishes
to build skyscrapers...
over what may prove to be
a Bronze Age treasure trove
or maybejust a rubbish tip.
- Well, they aren’t
mutually exclusive.
- Exactly.
This vehicle ’5 number p/a te
matches Miss Frampton ’5.
Obviously, this vehicle
entered the Thames
at some distance upstream...
before coming
to ground here.
What do you think, Dr. Brennan?
Female or transvestite?
- Female.
- Mm-hmm.
[Brennan]
late teens, early 205.
Penetrating trauma
to the parietal bone.
Someone hit her on the head
with a sharp object.
You have to do that as well,
do you— translate for him?
You have to deal
with that too?
Is it murder?
- [Together] Yes.
- If this is Port/a Frampton,
then herfather will no doubt
demand F.B.|. involvement.
[Brennan]
Why?
They’re American.
You won’t have any
real jurisdiction,
you understand?
Well, not beyond
what I grant you
out of courtesy.
Well, that whole
“no jurisdiction” thing,
that really doesn’t fly
in the FBI.
-Just tell him he can have a gun.
- But he can’t.
Well, as they say in America,
hasta la vista, baby.
Look, Agent Booth,
Iwill— I will do my utmost
to get you a gun.
In that case—
excuse me—
Bones and I are the best
crime-solving team in America.
Well, we’re in England.
Let’s alljust try
and pull together, shall we?
One nice, little, happy
transnational unit ofinquiry.
Well, we should have
these remains sent back
to thejeffersonian,
as well as any silt samples
and parts of vehicle
that may contain trace evidence.
Well, how do you
feel about that, Dr. Wexler?
Oh, I’m looking forward
to completely surrendering
myselfto Dr. Brennan.
You heard her. Back to
thejeffersonian, all of it.
Put it in the overhead.
[Ange/a Groans]
Brennan sent all
this ewdence from England?
No t just evidence,
but actual human remains.
The Brits
used dental records—
no jokes, please—
- to ident/ﬁ/ the daughter
of a wealthy eX-pat.
- Typical American billionaire.
- Thinks we can do it better.
- Because we can do it better.
- X-rays for you, Clark.
- Thank you.
I’ll take the body, see ifthere’s
any soft tissue worth looking at.
And these crime scene
photos are mine.
[Hodgins] Check it out.
British slime. So much more proper
than American slime.
Some kind of paper.
I’ll see ifthere’s
anything on it.
Okay, as usual, I’ll need
constant progress reports.
Angela.
[Mouths Words]
Oh, my God!
Grayson.
Angela.
That’s the last bit of sugar
you’re ever gonna get from me.
I want my divorce.
[Chuckling]
Portia Frampton, only daughter
of Roger Frampton, 47—
formerly of Ringwood, Newjersey—
and Sarah Frampton,
née Burroughs— deceased 1994—
ofCheltenham, England.
You wouldn’t believe What
my hotel ga ve me for breakfast
It was like this brown goo,
and some kind of meat—
I think it was a sausage—
about the size of my finger.
I had an entire buffet.
[Booth]
You ’re staying at the Duke
ofsometh/ng, all r/ght?
I’m at the Beefeater
Hotel/Motel.
[ Cate] You ate at a Beefeater?
- That’s brave.
- [Booth] Brave is right.
- This is the weakest coffee I’ve ever had.
- Booth, that’s tea.
Okay, two weeks ago,
Miss Frampton was last seen...
leaving her home the morning after
her 21 st birthday party.
It’s quite a coincidence
that Dr. Wexler is working
for the victim’s father.
Well, not working for him actually.
Working for the city.
But I shall check my diary
to see if| killed her.
Portia’s party broke up
around 2:00 am,
and she was reported missing
the following afternoon.
[Booth]Hmm.
The question is, why?
[ /an ] She was probably
reported missing..
- because nobody could find her.
- Ian.
And / suspect the reason
nobody could ﬁnd her was because...
Portia was in a car on the bottom
ofthe River Thames.
- /ust a the0/y, mind
- It’s a great theory.
Can you hold on to that
for one second? Thanks.
Me and Dr. Brennan
will go talk to the family.
- Together?
- [Together] That’s what we do.
Do you hear that, Inspector?
That’s extraordinary.
Sweet.
[ Clark]
Portia Frampton
was struck from behind
Trauma to the zygomatic
suggests that she fell to the ground...
- and then was struck again
at least two more times.
- Weapon?
The Brits weren’t able to recover
all the skull fragments,
- so it’s nearly impossible to tell.
- Excuse me.
/ ’d like you to meet my husband
My soon—to—be ex-husband.
- We must talk.
- This is Birimbau?
I prefer my real name:
Grayson Barasa.
I/e/y n/ce to meet you all
Listen, uh,
/realize that Grayson
Bmmbmw
- He certainly is.
- Thank you.
- He’s a big dude.
- But until Grayson hands over
signed divorce papers,
I don’t really need
Hodgins seeing everybody...
gawking at him like
he’s some kind of god.
Yeah, but he is some kind of god—
the best kind.
Cam. A little help here?
Yeah.
[Mouths Word]
[Sweets]
Oh, my God
Poor Hodgins. Wow.
[laughs]
Look at that guy.
He’sjust—
[laughing]
1 00k at him.
I’m sorry.
[Angela]
Hodgins?
H ey, An gie.
This is Grayson Barasa—
Birimbau.
Please, tell me you are here
to sign the divorce papers.
[Chuckling]
I can’t do that.
I’m still in love with Angela.
Of course you are.
Uh—
[Clears Throat]
I... understand.
But Angela is
in love with me.
I told you, Grayson.
Angela.
Do you remember
the night we met?
Vaguely.
Ah, the waves
were phosphorescent,
like the world was upside down
and we were swimming naked
through the Milky Way.
Bioluminescent phytoplankton.
Nothing mystic.
We talked about how
the universe speaks to us.
And when our lips met—
[Clears Throat]
I apologize.
No worries.
Our lips meet all the time.
Bells.
[Chuckles]
What?
No, Hodgins.
Literally, bells started ringing.
It was nothing cosmic.
Every bell on the island rang out.
It was during the Shark Festival of Bells.
What did you expect to happen?
- A 21-gun salute?
- [Chuckles]
So-So-So what about
the divorce papers?
You need time to talk.
[Both Laughing]
Yuck it up, laughing boy.
Wait until one ofyour
ex-girlfriends comes to visit.
Mmm. Yeah.
Back to work.
Yeah.
[ Hodgins laughs]
[Man]
One of the reasons we moved
away from the States...
was to get away
from the violence.
Now look what happened.
Mr. Frampton, look.
We’re very sorry...
for the loss
ofyour daughter.
What was it?
- Was it a robbery?
- We don’t know yet.
- I’m gonna need
a list of your enemies.
- What enemies?
Well, you ’re a ve/y
aggressive American businessman
living here in England.
- You must have enemies.
- My daughter was a very sweet,
innocent girl.
Not always, Mr. Frampton.
[Roger]
What the hell are
you asking for anyway?
So you can put that picture
away, Dr, Brennan.
Miss Miller,
how close were you
with your stepdaughter?
Heather and I
are not married yet.
Portia was like
a younger sister to me.
- We talked about everything—
c/othes, school, Har/y.
- [Booth ] Hany.
- Who’s Harry?
- Lord Henry Albert Bonham.
Right. Is that
some kind ofcrusty old
politician or something?
Lord Bonham is a very
uncrusty young man—
heir to the Duke of Innesford.
[Booth] Right. Hany
Hen/y Bonham whatever.
I read the tabloids.
There was no mention of Portia
dating any kind of royalty.
The duke wanted it
kept a secret.
The duke would be
the lord’s father.
I got it, Bones.
I understand, okay?
/ ’m just Dying to help.
So the duke says something,
and all ofthe sudden,
magically it happens?
- [Heather]
Welcome to England.
- A murderer’s a murderer...
no matter how close
he is to the throne.
Please, help me find out who
did this to my daughter.
[Brennan]
Why did you rent this?
I didn’t rent this, okay?
They screwed up at
the rent-a-car place.
I ordered an Aston.
You know,James Bond.
But they gave me—
Yeah, they ga ve you an A ustin.
It could happen to anyone. Um—
We drive on the left here,
as you may recall.
[Horns Honking]
Driving here requires
a different skill set.
- I can take the wheel.
I’m an excellent driver.
- [Booth] Thank you, Rain Man.
No, I’m fine. I’ll tell you what.
Back home, we’d drag
the whole royal family in
to interrogation separately.
Let ‘em stew,
catch ‘em in a lie.
We could do that, ifyou like,
but it’ll give them time to close up.
- Do stay to the leﬁ‘ here, please.
- [Horns Honking]
- Close up?
- Tighten ranks.
Nothing is as impenetrable
as the aristocracy freezing out
hoi polloi interlopers.
/ must say, I’m rather looking
forward to two Americans
bearding the lion in his den.
[Cate] The light is red.
[Booth] That’s okay.
/ ’m turning right.
Turning right on a red here
is the equivalent ofturning left...
into the wrong lane
on a red at home.
That makes no sense to me.
The point is,
it’s against the law
to turn on a red—
- Brake! Brake!
- [Screaming]
- Brake!
- [ Tires Screeching]
- [Horns Honking]
- Brake!
- [Screams]
[Horns Honking]
[Man ] Get out ofthe way,
you wanker!
Okay, I think we should
wait here until
the traffic thins out.
God! I hate London!
I hate England!
I’m glad we had a revolution!
[Shouting]
Bollocks!
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
[Shouting Continues]
B re n n a n.
[ Booth, Shouting]
And the weather here!
It’s cloudy—
The fatty acid composition
ofthe victim’s cervical
fluid caught my attention,
SO I ran some more tEStS.
Turns out Portia Frampton
was pregnant.
- Pregnant? How far along?
- [ Booth] And coffee!
What is so hard
about making a cup...
of black coffee!
About two months.
Thanks, Cam.
[Pounds 0n Roof]
[Sighs]
[ Exhales]
Okay, I feel much better.
What’d I miss?
Lord Henry Bonham,
heir to the Duke of Innesford,
knocked up the victim.
Right.
The royals hate bastards.
- Only the ones that
don ’t make king.
- Hang on, girls.
We’re getting out
ofthis toilet swirl.
[Horn Honking]
[ Booth]
Oh! Nice castle.
[Brennan] No. Castles were
originally designed for military
purposes— to withstand attack.
This is more properly
called a palace.
Bones. A little help
getting out, Bones.
Geez!
God! Geez!
Heads up.
Gettin’ out ofthis thing
is like being born.
[Sighs]
Oh. Is that the duke?
It’s his gentleman’s
gentleman.
It’s a butler.
How ya doin’ there, sport?
Right. F.B.I.
You might as well
put this one away.
It’s worthless.
And yet, here I am.
You mind waiting outside?
Why?
[ Cate] It’s because
Agent Booth not only wants
the aristocrats off-balance.
He wants them upside down.
He’ll annoy them,
you mean?
Let’s say the duke and duchess
won’t be used to your approach.
Listen. Word ofadvice.
When they start commenting
on you to each other,
you’ve got them on the run.
Right.
I noticed in the crime scene
photos that the back seats
ofthe S.U.V. were folded down,
which started me thinking
that maybe the victim...
was transporting something,
you know, worth stealing.
So Brennan had strips of material
sent from the vehicle, which I analyzed.
ST-90 transmission oil.
It’s made with polyalphaolefin.
Leaded, acidic H20 residue,
and plenty of polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons.
- Don’t make her ask.
- Thank you, Angela.
A motorcycle was transported
in the back of the S. U. I/.
More likely a scooter,
given the size.
The killer kills,
loads the body
and his scooter—
Or moped.
Drives to the Thames.
Dumps the car,
body and all, in the river,
and rides his scooter home.
Through the teeming
streets of London.
So you’re an honest-to-God
real butler?
My family has served His Grace’s family
for eight generations.
Yeah, well, a real butler
would offer to take my hat.
A real gentleman
would be wearing a hat.
Whoa!
l ook at this guy!
Uh, yes, sir.
/t dates to—
P/ease don ’t touch that,
Agent Booth.
Late 14905 or early 1500s.
German design?
His Grace’s ancestors fought
for Henry VIII in France.
[Scoffs]
Geez! Look at the size of this.
That’s one large cup.
Probably to scare
the sissy French.
Actually, Henry VIII started
the trend of large codpieces
because he had syphilis,
so his penis was extremely sensitive
to anything touching it.
His Grace favors
the “intimidate the enemy” version,
should the topic arise.
His Grace, Her ladysh/p
and lord Hen/y will meet you
in the morning room.
Two weeks, and I’d heard
nothing from Portia.
/knew it would turn out
to be something terrible.
You kept your relationship
with Portia Frampton a secret.
It didn’t mean
I didn’t love her.
Where we come from,
that’s exactly what it means.
You’re quite certain
this American has the right
to pose these questions?
[Booth]
Tell you what.
You call Scotland Yard
and the answer is
always gonna be yes.
So, Portia
ever come to visit
this, uh, palace?
This house? No.
Why?
You were in love with her,
right, Lord?
Well, it’s my understanding
that the class system in England
though ve/y much relaxed
since the Second World Wai;
still exists at
the highest levels of society.
- That’s you, right?
- One prefers not to make
such an assertion.
How long did you and
Portia Frampton carry on
a sexual relationship?
Did I ever say
I was sleeping with her?
Of course you had sex
with her, Harry.
And I’m sure
she rather enjoyed it.
You’re a well-formed,
athletic boy.
Did you offer refreshments?
I had no intention
ofencouraging them
to stay longer, Mother.
Tea, please.
Har/y kept his relationship
with the Frampton girl secret...
because her father
is a rapacious crook...
who uses Intimidation and bribe/y
to get what he wants.
So it had nothing
to do with this?
They’ve brought that
wretched rag into the house.
I was there.
It was the afternoon before
Portia’s birthday party.
- So you saw the photographer?
- Of course not. I’d have thrashed him.
The lord was gonna
go all medieval.
P0/t/a ’s pan‘y was lo vely.
She leﬁ‘ before / a woke the next morning.
It’s the last time I saw her.
- But you did hear from her.
- [Booth ] Right, because...
cell phone records
indicate that you talked
that morning.
It was a very personal conversation.
Did you discuss her pregnancy?
/ got it. / 7/ tell you what.
There was an argument.
Portia wanted to keep
the baby. You didn’t.
/ assure you,
I had absolutely no idea that—
Could he possibly be suggesting
that pregnancy is a motive for murder?
Nonsense. Arrangements
would have been made.
And you’re positive
that you’re the father?
Harry.
Look at that.
I’m being intimidated
by royalty.
Ifyou must know,
Portia broke up with me.
She said there was
to be no discussion.
[Booth]
Ah. There you go.
Motive for murder...
no matter
what country we’re in.
[Sips Lo
ud
Mmm! Iy}
What is this?
It’s Assam black tea.
Very strong.
Call it the upper-class version...
of a “cup o’joe.”
Wow!
Cheers.
[Ange/a On Speaker]
/’ve been looking at those
tabla/d photos of the victim
Now, in a telephoto shot,
most ofthe frame is blurry.
Only the main subject
is in focus.
What is this place
on the weekends?
A dungeon?
You see here? These pixels
look like they’ve been
altered to appear fuzzy.
So it wasn’t really
a telephoto lens?
You light it
with torches, right?
No, it was a telephoto lens.
But it’s been doctored
tolookasthough
it’s over 500 millimeters,
when I put it
at more like 80.
[Cate]
Why would anyone do that?
- See that white sliver?
- Do you mean the white blob?
It’s a reflection of light,
almost as though
the photographer
was behind glass.
And in Portia ’s e yes—
Do you see that?
[All]
No.
It’s a reflection ofa house.
Do you see where I’m going?
[All]
No.
- Someone took the picture
inside the house.
- With an 80-millimeter lens.
Sweetie, my ex-husband is here
with the divorce papers.
So I’ll fill you in
when you get back.
Lovely mix of
personal and professional
you people seem to manage.
Harry could have taken
the photograph.
Yes, that’s certainly
a possibility.
But Harry had no motive
to take the photo.
We’re most likely searching
for a disgruntled servant
who was looking to cash in.
Mmm.
I apologize for
eating without you,
but apparently to hold the table,
you have to order.
I’m not here for food.
I’m here to get you
to sign the divorce papers.
Hmm.
In my place,
would you do that?
I’m not in your place.
I’ve been searching
for Angela for five years.
I know. I know.
Our private investigator
told us everything.
You built Angela a home
with your bare hands...
while simultaneously
smuggling medicine
to children in Cuba...
and supporting an orphanage.
You’re a saint. I get it.
Ifyou believe that
to be true,
then you should want
what is best for Angela.
I do. And guess what?
It’s me.
Why are you better than me?
Obviously, I’m not.
But I do love her
more than you.
You cannot possibly know that.
And yet, I do.
We are at an impasse.
You have no sense ofdignity.
Yeah, I’d give up
my life for Angela.
So what’s a little dignity?
She kissed me, you know.
On the cheek, or—
What’s going on?
Oh, man.
He says you kissed him.
I did.
Whoa!
It was a good-b ye kiss.
There’s nothing you can do.
- You must accept—
- Hodgins!
Here. Can—
Can you take this, please?
Oh!
Whoa!
Nice, Grayson!
Angela.
[Brennan]
We ’ve been working on
ident/ﬁ/mg the photographer...
who took the tabloid picture
of Portia.
Surely, identifying her murderer
is more important.
You see, paparazzi,
they follow people.
So maybe he saw something.
I don’t know, maybe the actual killer.
The photo was taken from
a bedroom in Portia’s home.
So you’re suggesting
the help let a paparazzo
into the house?
Actually, the help
told Inspector Pritchard
that you were in the room.
look, maybe you wanna tell us
why you did it before
Roger gets here.
Roger and I have set
five wedding dates
over the years.
And each time,
P0/t/a found a way
to make h/m postpone.
- She had her father wrapped
around her little finger.
- So you killed her?
Don’t be ridiculous!
I merely wanted Roger
to regard Portia...
as a sexually mature adult
with her own agenda
instead ofas an innocent child.
Sorry I’m late. Court went
rather longer than expected.
Heather, I trust
you’ve said nothing.
Too late.
[Roger]
Too late why?
Your girlfriend...
sent the naked picture
ofyour daughter to the tabloids...
so you’d stop thinking
that she was perfect
and finally get married.
What Americans lack in subtlety,
they make up with clarity.
Roger, I’m so sor/y.
Why the hell
would you do that?
Please, believe me,
/ would never do anything
to harm Port/a.
I simply made
a terrible mistake.
Roger! Oh, Roger!
/ trust this interview is over?
Actually, Ijust have one more question.
Who the hell would wanna wear this?
It’s so nice to see you relaxing,
enjoying some good British beer,
Agent Booth.
Cheers.
I’ll tell you what.
I’d like to see that open.
Real/y?
Why?
Luck.
You’d have to be ridiculously lucky
to see something like that,
wouldn’t you?
That’s my point.
[Chuckles]
Well, you did get
a little lucky today.
Yeah?
That’s a Walther PPK.
It’s ajames Bond gun.
Booth. Seeley Booth.
No. That’s terrible.
Thanks, Pritch.
But please
just remember, though...
that ifyou do use it,
I’m the one they’ll hang.
Hey, I’m a good shot.
[ Cell Phone Ringing]
Oh.
Oh. It’s the American squints.
You’ll love these people.
Booth. Seeley Booth.
[Ange/a On Speakerphone]
Hey, uh, the paper you sent me—
it turns out to be a letter
to Portia Frampton from her mother.
A keepsake from
her childhood perhaps?
It’s dated this year.
[Booth]
What does the letter say?
The entire body of
the letter is indecipherable.
The date and the salutation
and the signature are clear though.
Thanks, Ange.
So Portia Frampton’s mother
is still alive?
That raises a whole set ofquestions.
[ Clark On Speaker]
I/is/b/e on the l2 is
an area of radio/ucency
Can ’t see a damned thing.
[Brennan]
Give us a moment, Clark
We found a few more bone
fragments today, Dr. Wexler.
Good. How old?
No more than a hundred years.
To prevent Frampton
from building his beloved
skyscrapers on this site,
we need to find something
from the Bronze Age or older.
There is evidence of reabsorption
ofthe surrounding bone.
Ah, here. Yes, | see.
Very interesting.
Cyril, you’re being impertinent.
Please stop speaking.
- Could the anomaly
be a hemangioblastoma?
- Okay, off you go.
And don’t come back until
you find at least one Bronze Age,
ossified funny bone.
Have Cam do a histology, Clark.
Will do, Dr. Brennan.
[Clears Throat]
So, what now?
Well,
I thought quick drink,
back to yours for some sex
and then out for a late supper.
Oh—
[Chuckles]
I’m inclined to accept.
Well, I’m ever so pleased.
But Booth says
I shouldn’t trust you.
And why is that?
Well, he says you like
to rack ’em up.
Rack ’em up?
How vulgar.
Booth is very good
at reading people.
Hmm.
Well, in that case,
how about we start
with the supper...
and then let the chips fall
where they may?
That would be
an acceptable compromise.
[ Hodgins ] / checked out
the skull fragments
for microscopic traces.
How shiny and pretty.
What is it?
Mother—of—pea rl.
Have you talked to Angela today?
Yes. Are you saying our victim
was attacked by an abalone?
How mad is she?
Mad, mad, mad.
I thought women secretly liked it
when we fought over them.
“Women” is an unacceptable
generalization.
[ Brennan]
You should look over
your other shoulder.
Bones, I’ve been driving
since I was 12, okay?
Would it make you less agitated
ifI told you I didn’t sleep
with Dr. Wexler last night?
I’m not agitated, okay?
I’m agitated because ofdriving
this little car. That’s all.
Look, Wexler isjust—
[Sighs]
I’m not agitated because of
you and Dr. Wexler.
Wexler’sjust another guy
looking for a one-night stand.
That’s— Whoa!
So?
So? You gotta
take it seriously.
Seriously? You mean
you’ve never laughed
during sex? Because I do.
Whoa!
Do you see that lorry?
| see that lorry.
It’s a truck. We’re American,
and that is a truck.
[Horns Honking]
[Man]
Buggeroff!
! laugh during sex. It’s—
It’s not that kind of serious.
Well, I think Dr. Wexler is serious
about having sex with me.
[Sighs]
Okay, news bulletin for you.
Very interested.
Bones, there’s not a guy
in this country who wouldn’t
wanna have sex with you.
You’d probably have gay men—
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy.
[Horn Honking]
[ Loud Thud]
Are you being nice about me
or awful about British men?
Wexler is not special.
You are.
[ Cell Phone
Rings, Beeps]
B re n n a n.
Am I interrupting anything?
Uh, / ’m just
helping Booth drive.
Booth shouldn’t be
behind the wheel.
He isn’t adaptable.
[Booth] /’m Mr. Adaptable, okay?
The mirror is the size of a thumbnail
Well, what do you expect
when you rent a car
the size ofyour thumb?
I don’t think
there’s enough fetal tissue
to get a DNA. reading, but—
Cam, could we just be quiet until
/ get into the ﬂow of traffic here?
[Horn Honking]
[Man ] Get out ofthe way,
you wanker!
You think I’m special?
[Sighs]
Of course I think that
you’re special. Yes!
[Brennan] Thank you.
/ Will take your romantic
advice under advisement.
Now you’re too far
to the left.
Oh—
- You’re gonna hit the curb!
- [Loud Thud]
- We’re good.
Yeah, unless we get a flat tire.
No, we’re good.
[Saroyan ]
/f/ could speak again?
I had better luck with the tumor.
Our victim suffered from
Von Hippel-Lindau disease.
[l oud Pop, Hissing ]
- We got a flat tire.
- How’d that happen?
But there wasn’t
any evidence of V.H.L....
in either the mother’s
medical records
or the autopsy repon‘.
But it’s hereditary,
so her father must have it.
Roger Frampton worked
for the NHL?
He— He may have
V.H.L. disease.
What if he doesn’t have it?
Then Roger Frampton
is not Portia Frampton’s
biological father.
Oh, God.
[Horn Honking.‘ Sustained]
Great. That’sjust great!
I hate this car!
[Roger]
My wife is not alive.
Your daughter was carrying
a letter from her mother
when she died.
/t was dated Port/a ’s 2 7 st birthday.
That’s impossible.
Tell your lab boys they got it wrong.
Roger, the lab is,
in fact, correct.
Portia was indeed canying
a letter from Sarah
dated her 2 7 st birthday.
Portia and / met at
a cafe in Knightsbr/dge
the day aﬁ‘er her party.
/ ga ve her
the letter personal/y
[Cate] / think you 7/ find...
Sarah knew she was dying
and entrusted Mr. Curry with letters...
which he delivered on
Portia’s important birthdays.
- How do you know?
- It’s exactly what I’d have done...
if! were dying and leaving
behind a young daughter.
It’s all ve/y touching,
but it still makes
wig— wearing Willy here...
the last person
who saw Portia alive.
[ C uny ] For God ’5 sake.
- Now I’m a suspect?
- You should’ve told me, William.
You’re not the only person
who engages me
for my discretion, Roger.
- What did the letter say?
- I’m sure I couldn’t possibly tell you.
Uh, Mr. Frampton,
how is your health?
What the hell does that got
to do with anything?
Any nerve pain?
Dizziness? Headaches?
No. I’m healthy as an ox.
Are you aware that Portia
is not your biological daughter?
Perhaps I should conduct
the rest of this interview.
[Sweets]
Ange/a—
Here we go.
Just to be clear,
are you a man or a boy...
for the purposes of
this conversation?
[Chuckles]
When I was 10, the kid next door
had a Turtle Party Wagon.
It’s an accessory for the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
action figures.
Mmm.
It’s a toy? No?
Anyway, I loved that Party Wagon.
I wanted that Party Wagon.
So I climbed the tree
outside his bedroom window.
But the tree had a fungus.
And his dad was too cheap
to hire an arborist,
so, unbeknownst to me,
some of the branches were dead.
Lucky for you I, uh—
I enjoy a convoluted story
with my hot beverage.
I’m in the hospital—
broken arm, concussion—
and the kid with
the Party Wagon comes in.
I confess everything.
You know what he says?
“I would have given it to you.”
Ah. He had a little
gay crush on you.
He did?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, man, that explains a lot.
But I’m guessing that
you have a different
point to the story,
like maybe
I’m the Party Wagon.
No. You’re the gay neighbor boy.
Your love is the Party Wagon.
Grayson is the tree.
I’m Hodgins. Think about it.
Which brings us
back to the point that
all men are idiots.
See how I worked that?
It’s because I’m so good.
Uh, uh-huh.
The treads in
the victim’s tires were
mostly full of river silt.
But I did find
a few more materials.
Crushed Scleractinian coral.
Possibly from Australia.
She was killed in Australia?
No, it’s used as a surface
for private roadways in England.
How does that help us?
Well, it’s been illegal to
harvest this stuff for years.
So the roadway in question
is fairly old.
And even when this stuff
was available,
it was
incredibly expensive.
And the organic material?
Yeah.
Deciduous pinnate leaflets—
medium pink petals.
Hey, Hodgins?
Yeah,hey.
Hi, Angela.
Fine, / 7/ just pass this along to
Booth and Dr. Brennan in England
You guys go ahead and—
Security cameras, people.
The building’s filled
with security cameras.
I can’t have you
punching my ex—husbands.
Deal, so long as you don’t kiss
your ex-husbands...
for longer than three seconds
on the lips.
Deal. Look.
It’s simple.
My heart isn’t yours to claim.
It’s mine to give away.
Igetthat
I mean, what you’re saying,
not your heart.
Oh, idiot.
You do get my heart.
Because you’re giving it to me.
At last, a glimmer
of understanding.
Wow. That is so...
flaky and new age...
Yeah.
and wonderful.
- [Be/ls Ringing]
- [ Laughter, Shouting]
-[Laughs]
- [Whooping]
Okay, okay.
I get it.
The universe speaks.
I hear it.
The guy sa/d he was gonna
fix the ﬂat tire.
What’s it doing
up on the truck?
Crushed coral and rose petals?
Hodgins found coral and roses
in Portia Frampton’s tires.
Who takes a car with a flat tire
and puts it up on a truck?
You fix it. That’s what you do.
Ifthere was a spare tire, I’d have fixed it.
Probably you cracked an axle
or something. Thanks, Cam.
That was very useful.
All right, great.
Now I gotta call Agent Pritchard.
I’m gonna have
to ask her for a ride.
England is not good
for my personal dignity.
[ S n iffi n g ]
All because ofa... flat tire.
Wait. Whoa!
- Don ’t smell that. You don’t
know where that’s been.
- Yes, /do.
This is crushed coral,
and it smells like roses.
[Sniffs]
Where did we pick up
crushed coral?
The private
road and driveway
at the Bonham estate.
Portia Frampton drove
to the Bonham estate
just before she died.
And the royals said
she never came to the house.
They lied.
You honestly believe
the Duke of Innesford...
is Portia Frampton’s
biological father?
Both he and his mother
show symptoms of V.H.L. disease.
Well, we ’re standing on coral,
those are rose bushes,
and that is a scooter
that could fit very nicely
into the back of an S. U I/.
That’s great. Okay.
What’s taking our backup
solong?
I didn’t request backup.
[Booth]
Well, great.
In that case—
[Sighs]
/ want a gun.
/’m a very good shot,
and I’ve killed before.
- /t d/dn ’t bother me
as much as / thought.
- It bothered you a little.
Yes, but not as much as I thought.
Ifthere’s gonna be gunplay,
I’ll wait in the car.
[Cate] Nonsense.
There won’t be any gunplay.
[Booth]
Whynot?
We won ’t need guns because
we have the letter
from Portia ’5 mother.
- We don’t know what it says.
- Ah. But they don’t know that.
- Good one, Pritch.
- What did you just call her?
Pritch, /an. He called me Pritch.
Short for Pritchard.
Will you please put
that weapon away?
Fine. Itjust feels wrong.
I have a letter addressed
to Portia from her mother.
- Portia’s mother died 14 years ago.
- She wrote it on her deathbed.
On her deathbed?
Well, you know
what this means.
- Big doings.
- Big doings!
So I’m gonna have
Dr. Brennan...
read it out loud.
What?
[Brennan]
My dearest daughter, Portia—
Did we mention it’s dated
Portia Frampton’s 21 st birthday?
S tart at the beginning,
Bones.
My dearest daughter, Portia—
Skip to the part
about her father.
Wait a moment, please.
- Would you leave us, Harry?
- Why?
What’s happening, Gerard?
Please trust me.
This is not the way for Harry
to discover certain harsh truths.
Please, Harry.
A little trust.
That must be one hell ofa letter.
You must believe me when I tell
you I had no idea ofthis before Portia
read the letter to me.
You met with Portia here?
What did it say?
It says that the duke was
Portia’s biological father.
How remarkably unsavory.
You cou/dn ’t possibly think
that Gerard killed P0/tia
to keep it a secret?
Why not?
[ Gerard]
Portia asked me if/ were her father.
I admitted that
it was more than possible.
Mother-of—pearl.
This is very possibly
the murder weapon.
/sn ’t this the part where
we call for legal counsel?
I did not kill
Portia Frampton, Mother.
Thank you for your faith.
I believe I’m going to have
to request you to accompany me
to Scotland Yard, Your Grace.
- They request?
- It’s a polite country.
[Clearing Throat]
That will not be necessary.
- It was I.
-Jamison?
- [Booth] The but/er?
- You ordered your butler
to kill Portia Frampton?
The duke had absolutely
nothing to do with it.
[Grandmother]
/fjamison confesses,
Harry need never know
that Portia was his sister.
- We 7/ pro vio’e you with
the finest representation.
- Thank you, ma’am.
Wow.
Come on. You mean to tell me
that neither one of you
get the weirdness of this?
All right, the butler did it.
It was the butler.
Inspector Pritchard Will be hours
in the interrogation room with him.
But the fact is we’ll never
really know for certain.
You mean he mightjust be
protecting the duke?
It’s utterly conceivable, yes.
Well, I thought I might
try and entice you back
to Oxford with me tonight.
You know,
I do have a gun in England,
and I really have been
dying to use it.
|’|| handle this.
You know,
it’s ajames Bond gun.
it’s a Walther PPK,
by the way.
Ian, I think you’re a lot of fun.
Oh, hell’s bells in buckets.
I think I know where this is going.
It would upset Booth
ifI slept with you.
You see, rationally speaking,
ifyou were to have someone
operate on your brain,
you would want a surgeon
who ’s done the procedure
many hundreds of t/mes.
You know,
someone who’s absolutely
at the top oftheir game.
I don’t really see why sex
should be any different.
Rationally speaking,
you’re absolutely right.
Good.
Then we’re settled.
Off we go.
Look out for the bridge opening.
They say it’s good luck.
That should keep him
occupied for hours.
Common sense says
you don’t offend your partner...
for an hour of fun.
An hour?
What? One hour?
You underestimate me,
Dr. Brennan.
Oh, this is absolutely
the dregs, isn’t it?
I’ll call you again
before you lea ve.
Who knows?
You could be in a more
rational frame ofmind.
[Man ]
,r What is there
missing ﬁ‘om me ,/‘
,r That /see in you ,r
,r What can / say,r
,r What can / do ,r
Why are you looking at me like
that? I’m just here to help you
pick out a guy, you know?
[ Bridge Bell Ringing:
Faint ]
Never mind.
I’mjust here...
to bring a little luck.
I don’t believe in luck.
What do you mean,
you don’t believe in luck?
Okay, well,
how do you explain
when good things happen
out of nowhere?
Define “good things.”
You know, good things.
Money in the bank.
[Ringing Continues]
Doris Day parking.
What’s Doris Day parking?
A big piece ofthe pie.
That’s good luck.
I call that a solipsistic
perceptual response to
the random nature ofthe universe.
Tomato, potato—
Call it what you want.
You know what? It’s still luck.
You are lucky I understand you
when you say things
that make no sense.
See? You just agreed with me
that it was luck.
You just agreed right there,
so I’ll take that.
I did not agree—
,r Gathering all
of the pictures we took ,r
,r Together and apart
we will ri‘rlly‘
,rAs everything’s dancing around ,r
,r just try/n ’ to stay on the ground ,r
[ Hodgins ]
Clark lunch?
I was told to catalog
all unidentified remains
while Dr. Brennan was away.
And you were told
to do this without eating?
Dr. Brennan was quite adamant
they all be done before her return.
Come on, Clark
The divorce papers are signed
and the wedding is on again,
and we are all going
to celebrate.
I’m sure he feels that
your invitation is a polite...
but insincere attempt
not to exclude him.
We arejust trying to spread
the sunshine here, Clark.
[Clearing Throat]
I just wanted to say good-bye,
Angela. I’m off to the airport.
Oh. Thanks. That’s nice.
And thanks for the divorce.
/ really appreciate it.
Your happiness is all
that matters to me.
And ifin a day, a week or a year;
you want me back in your life,
I’ll be there.
Right. Well,
we’ve got your number,
so have a good trip.
Cherish her.
Done.
Isn’t this all
extremely awkward?
- That’s sad.
- It’s actually a display
of conflicting emotions,
what Reich cal/ed the “battle
for orgastic potency, ” which—
- Maybe later.
- Sure.
- Would you like a ride to the airport?
- That would be very kind.
- Thanks, Cam.
- Sure.
Honestly, guys, I don’t have to
be included in everything.
So Wexlersti/l hasn’t
called you, huh?
Ian is the top forensic
anthropologist in England.
He’s a very busy man, Booth.
Busy trying to get you into bed
for the past two weeks.
The least he can do is call—
We’re gonna need another cab
just for all your stuff.
I was given lots of presents
by the students at Oxford.
No, no, no, no, no!
Don’t touch that one.
Why? What is it?
Why?
Because your students gave you your gifts,
and the cops at Scotland Yard...
gave me a little something-something
for their appreciation.
Huh?
VVhatisthat?
- It’s a bobblehead bobby.
- That’s all you got?
Well, it’s a real nice one.
Look. Oh.
What is this now,
the queen’sjewels?
- The bellman will help.
- No, he’s better dressed
than I’ve ever been.
He’ll get all dirty.
I gotta tell you. You know what?
There’s no rule saying
you can’t call him.
Although I gotta tell you,
a guy who doesn’t wanna
talk to you...
just because you decide
not to have sex with him,
he can’t be that great.
In bed?
No. A great guy.
Because I think Ian
would be great in bed.
Okay, next.
Hey, pal, how about a little help?
I gotta get to the airport. Come on.
,ar‘ [ Woman Singing Soul, /ndistinct ]
[Sighs]
I’m sorry they canceled
yourflight.
I’m not.
Neither am I.
Iwasjust trying
to be polite.
[Chuckling]
You know, it’s getting late.
Mmm.
Let me order you some breakfast
before you go to work.
Earth-shattering sex
and breakfast?
I can die a happy woman.
Mmm.
I’m glad to be heading home,
but I think America
dropped too much ofthe
English stuff back in 1776.
Like what?
You know, like, uh, royalty.
Meaningless title.
No real power.
What, you never wanted to be
a princess when you were a kid?
No.
Even now—
like, a castle, a moat,
knights in shining armor.
You know what? I risk my life
for the United States government
every day.
I wonder if! can get Congress...
to pass something
like, uh, knighthood.
[ Cell Phone Ringing]
“Sir Seeley Booth.”
Itjust sounds right. Booth.
I get my worth
from my intelligence
and accomplishments.
From actual achievement.
I don’t need a title.
What—
What’s wrong?
It’s Dr. Wexler.
Remodeling and analysis
ofthe marrow indicates...
the subject lived
in or around the coast
of North Carolina.
- We should look atJamaica.
- No evidence suggests the Caribbean.
- For our wedding.
- Right.
What was / thinking?
Oh, / was focusing
on my work
You’ll be in love
one day too, Clark.
Yes, but today I am alone and
happily dating multiple women...
so I can
concentrate on my work
and not get fired.
I also know this little island
offthe coast of Maine.
- Of course you do.
- Sorry I’m late. What did I miss?
We ’re deciding between
Maine and jamaica
for the wedding.
[ Hodgins ]
DidAnge/a ’5 ex get oﬂr okay?
Wh oa! So rry?
- You took him to the airport?
- Oh. “Off.” Of course.
Yes, he’s off and gone.
All gone.
[Ange/a]
Great.
- Thank you for doing that.
- Anytime.
Either Maine orjamaica.
You can’t really go wrong.
Ishou/d— Bye.
[Sirens Blare]
[Police Radio Chatter]
[Chattering]
[Man]
Going to pack it up now, sir.
Ian said you were the best.
[Brennan]
What happened?
Why are you giving him the gun?
We’re leaving.
I think Inspector Pritchard
is asking us to stay, Bones.
You want me to look
at some remains?
You think they’re Ian’s?
[Man ]
It’s Impossible with S cot/and Yard
all 0 ver the place.
Are you ready for this?
This is /an Wexler’s flat.
This is /an Wexler’s bed
[Booth Sighs]
Wow
Markers are consistent
with /an ’5 build and age.
Of course, I’ll need access to a lab
to make a definitive conclusion.
I’m sorry, Bones. Pritchard,
I can only imagine how difficult
this is, losing a partner.
C.I.D. is saying that there appears
to have been a gas explosion.
- Looks like, uh, he was drinking.
- He did enjoy a glass or two.
Bones
Cigarette?
Did /an smoke?
Not that I’m aware of.
It looks as though
he put the kettle on
and lit a crgarette.
The pilot goes out, there’s a gas leak,
and whoosh, the place goes up.
No water in the kettle.
Water on the boil does tend
to evaporate, Agent Booth.
Look, we don’t suspect foul play.
Wejust want Dr. Brennan
to give us a definitive identification.
Water doesn’t evaporate
ifthe stove wasn’t lit.
Oh, perhaps even British resolve
takes a knock...
when one loses one’s partner.
There is evidence oftrauma
to the frontal bone.
That’s gonna happen when
the ceiling collapses on you, Bones.
No, this was before the fire.
This was not an accident,
Inspector.
You wanted to see me?
Oh, man, that is cool.
Not why you’re here,
Dr. Sweets.
Sure.
But it’s amazing that all ofour
hopes and desires and fantasies,
pain and pleasure all reside
in three pounds oftissue.
Yeah, great. Well, some part
ofthis little devil made me
sleep with Angela’s ex.
You slept with Angela’s ex?
Shh! A little discretion,
please?
I might say the same to you.
Itjust happened.
His flight was canceled,
I was parked at the airport
hotel, he checked in,
and I figured I’d see
what all the fuss was about.
And was there fuss?
Yes.
Well-deserved fuss.
Why exactly?
You’re here as a shrink,
Dr. Sweets.
Not as a guest
on loveline.
Yes. Fine. Sorry.
Should I tell Angela?
We’re friends, and I don’t want
her to find out some other way.
’Cause then it’ll seem
like I’m hiding it.
Which you’d like to do
because you’re feeling guilty.
Yes.
Good. Keep going.
But he’s gone now.
Almost.
Almost?
There aren’t as many flights
to Fiji as you’d think.
So it might come up again.
Oh, yes. I’m seeing him
again tonight.
[Chuckles]
I didn’t mean like that.
Neither did I.
Right. Okay.
Well, uh, it’s understandable
for you to feel some guilt and anxiety.
Which, by the way,
is centered here.
Dr. Sweets.
Right. Um, you feel you have
no right to pleasure,
because it comes at the expense
of your friends.
Yes. You’re good.
But he’s leaving soon,
so I could say nothing
and hope it all goes away.
But you’d still have
to carry that anxiety
every time you saw Angela.
Angela is open-minded by nature.
She’s happy with Hodgins.
I think clearing the air
would be good for both ofyou.
Right.
- Of course. Thank you.
-Hmm.
Can I touch the brain
just once as a reward?
Just once.
- It’s squishy.
- Hey.
Ijust got off the phone
with Brennan.
Her friend Wexler’s
been killed in a fire.
Scotland Yard wants her to help
in the investigation.
They’re sending the remains
to Wexler’s lab at Oxford.
Brennan’s gonna use the video link
and the Web to send us
crime scene photos and X-rays—
whatever we need to help.
I’ll tell Hodgins and Clark.
- Yeah.
We have not yet confirmed
beyond a shadow ofa doubt...
that the human remains found
in Dr. Ian Wexler’s flat—
But: um,
there’s alwaysa chance—
[No Audible Dialogue]
You see,
in cases like this, the—
My preliminary findings are
that the remains in question...
- are those of Ian Wexler.
- [All Gasping]
I am confident that
this suspicion will be
confirmed later today.
Cause of death has not been
determined but we have
not ruled out foul play.
Many ofyou were close,
very close, to Dr. Wexler.
- [Sobbing]
- We’d appreciate any
information you can provide.
Thank you.
I think we should talk
to Sid and Nancy first.
A reminder, Agent Booth.
There is a proper
chain ofcommand.
I’m the lead
on this investigation.
Why are you talking to him like that?
You asked us to stay.
I feel it’s important
to be clear.
- You gave him a gun and everything.
- Bones, it’s okay.
Understand, Pritch,
we’rejust here to help.
Whatever you need.
Thank you.
- [ Bell Tolls]
- We saw Dr. Wexler night
before last. He seemed fine.
He was going out—
He was going out for a drink.
Frampton was driving him mad.
- Why?
- He was trying
to shut down the dig.
So he could build one ofhis
condo developments on it.
What’s to become of the dig now?
[ I/era ]
The bloody d/g can wait, Cyril
Dr. Wexler is dead
Dr. Wexler would
want thejob finished.
You know it’s true.
We’re gonna have to talk
to the two ofyou again...
after Dr. Brennan confirms
the cause ofdeath.
Legally, the remains have to
stay here, but we’ve uploaded
all the X-rays.
I’ll have casts ofthe bones
made and ship them to you
as they are finished.
The fire substantially
occludes what we can glean
from these images.
- Can you focus on his feet?
- Sure.
[Hodgins]
I see soil and a singed sock.
Can I have any direct access
to particulates?
As soon as Inspector Pritchard
gets the okay from Scotland Yard.
- How you doin’, sweetie?
- I’m focused on finding out
what happened to Ian.
The X-rays are starting to arrive.
I can see the depression
fracture you mentioned
on the frontal bone.
Looks like it was made
by a small object,
like a ball-peen hammer.
- Was there enough tissue
for a tox screen?
- It’s being run now.
- We’ll e-mail you the results.
- What is that on the top
of his left femur?
Some kind of plastic which
may have been in his pocket.
Send me some high-res photos.
I’ll see if! can speed things along.
- Thanks. Call ifyou find anything.
- Hey, Brennan, wait.
Grayson signed the divorce papers,
so the wedding is on again.
Congratulations.
Oh, is that bad?
To congratulate someone on a divorce?
Hard to believe it’s over, right?
Yeah, hard to believe.
Well, we’ll talk soon.
[Clicks]
Dr. Temperance Brennan
resuming analysis.
The material fused into
the anterior ventral femur...
appears to be plastic,
partially melted.
[Phone Speed-dials ]
Booth.
I found something.
What is it?
Where would Ian get
a poker chip marked H.G.C.?
[Man] Oh, my God. Two nights ago,
Dr. Wexler was buying
drinks for his friends...
and playing the tables as if he
hadn’t a care in the world.
[Booth ] Was he with a woman?
[Cate] No, this is
a gentleman’s club,
Agent Booth.
I didn’t see a stage or a pole
or dancers or anything like that.
No, an English gentlemen’s club
is for actual English gentlemen.
- How did Dr. Wexler strike you?
- Uh, flush.
- What’s that mean?
- I believe you’d say
“ro-rolling in dough”?
-Huh
- That’s right. He, uh—
He paid off his tab.
- How much did he owe?
- We’re getting into ticklish
areas of confidentiality now.
This is a gentlemen’s club,
after all.
Scotland Yard will guarantee
the F.B.I.’s discretion.
Isn’t that right,
Agent Booth?
Hmm? Yeah, right.
Over £5,000.
He paid it offin cash.
- Where’d he get that kind of money?
- I’m sure I have no idea.
- Please?
- Look, I, um,
took this, you might say,
as a precaution,
even though Dr. Wexler told us
that he knew the gentlemen
and everything was fine.
This was taken from
the security camera.
[Booth ]
Nice tattoo.
[Grunting, Shouting]
And the guy with the tattoo
is taking him away
IfI thought they
were going to kill him,
then I’d have done something.
Don’t beat yourself up, pal.
You know, I’m sure you did
the best you could.
with his friends
Mr. Scotch and Mr. Merlot.
Blood alcohol level was .18.
No drugs,
recreational or otherwise.
[ Beeping]
And no evidence of nicotine.
So what was the cigarette
doing in his hand?
Put there to justify the explosion,
I would imagine.
What have you found,
Mr. Edison?
Well, ifthe casts are accurate,
new bone growth formed a craggy
surface on the scapu/as...
- and both the left and right
lateral epicondyles.
- Meaning?
The victim had bursitis caused
by strenuous repetitive motion.
The only time / ’ve seen this
was on an autopsy of a scul/er.
- What is that? Like a fish?
- A sculler is someone
who crews on a rowing team.
/a/so examined the fracture
to his frontal bone.
- /t was the result of a head butt.
- Ouch.
- I concur. I’ll send your
findings to Dr. Brennan.
- Thank you.
What are you working on, Angela?
Blowing up all the photos of
the remains for Clark and Hodgins.
Trying
not to lose quality.
Excel le nt.
Oh, one other thing.
I slept with your husband—
ex-husband.
- What?
- Good-bye.
Don’t leave, Mr. Edison.
I need a witness.
I’m sure you can find
somebody who ’5 been here
longer than / ha ve.
Are you one of us or not?
No, I’m not one of us.
Well, you’ll do anway.Just—
Angela, I slept with him,
and | feel really weird about it.
Wai— How? Did—
I mean, when?
- Oh, God.
- Grayson’s flight was canceled,
and one thing led to another.
He ’5 very attractive, so...
we spent the night together.
/ ’m sorry.
[Sighs]
It’s okay.
ReaHy?
Of course. Why not?
We’re divorced, so—
I mean, I got what
I wanted from him,
so now I guess you did too.
Well, yeah.
Can I go now, please?
- Angela, I— You are an amazing person.
- Why are you amazing now?
I slept with Grayson,
and Angela’s okay with it.
- Of course.
- [Chuckles]
Why should I care?
I’m gonna marry you.
Well, I see no holes
in your logic.
And he’ll be gone in a day.
He’s still here?
Wow, that... must’ve gone well.
Is that something for me?
Uh, yeah.
It’s preliminary results
of particulate and bug analysis.
Now, I found
microphytobenthos algae,
epipsammic and epipelic diatoms,
as we/las
a Chironomus riparius,
orm/dge ﬂy,
all ofwhich were
on the clothing shreds
they sent me.
Well, you’re excited,
so it must mean something.
The levels and sediment
on the algae indicate that the victim
was near Henley-on-Thames...
within 24 hours of his death.
The Henley Royal Regatta
takes place there— rowing.
[Brennan]
Why are you doing this with me
and not Inspector Pritchard?
Oh, come on, Bones.
You and me, we’re the real deal.
Look, she’s having a tough time
with this. I would, too,
ifyou were killed.
You’re sentimental
that way.
Excuse me. The guy at
the main boathouse told me...
that Dr. Wexler was
a teammate ofyou blokes.
- Blokes?
- Yeah, you know.
Kinda feelin’ at home.
F.B.I. Special Agent Booth.
I have a few questions—
Hey, I’m talkin’ here.
I think you’re
a bit lost, mate.
You looking for America?
Head for the coast,
swim across the big pond.
You’ll find a bunch
onanks you can ask
whatever you want.
Is that right?
Excuse me, but—
[Groans]
- [ Booth ] Oh!
- [Brennan] We’re working
with Scotland Yard
I’m Dr. Brennan.
Ian was a friend of mine.
God, the man’s got a head
like a boulder.
You’re the American bird
Wexler was talking about, aren ’t you?
I’m surprised that lady cop of his
isn ’t looking out for him.
Yeah, the two ofthem seemed,
uh, more than colleagues.
Inspector Pritchard and Dr. Wexler
had a sexual relationship?
listen, lo ve, Ian isn’t exactly
the faithful type, so ifhe’s
promised you something—
He’s dead.
He was murdered.
No.
What?
We had a race this afternoon.
I thought we’d be seeing him.
That’s a pretty distinctive
tattoo you got there.
Any chance you were
at the Highgate Club
night before last?
[Stammers]
Wait. You think we killed Wex?
- You dragged him out
ofthe club, didn’t you?
- This is bollocks!
We had a race. We don’t
sober Wex up in time,
he’s no good to us.
- His timing is discombobulated
from the alcohol.
- So you beat him up?
No. We dragged him into
a bed in the boathouse and poured
coffee into him in the morning.
His frontal bone was bruised.
His forehead.
Maybe you gave him a good
crack like youjust gave me?
No! He didn’t head-butt Wex.
Tell you who did— a coxswain
for the Queen’s Light Guards.
What’s his name?
It’sJasper Ferry.
[Chattering]
[Camera Shutters Clicking]
Booth, he’s not gonna talk to you.
It’s a trad/tron.
I know that, Bones,
but I think I almost got him.
There’s a little sweat
coming offthe side of his face.
If you interfere with
one of the queen ’s guards,
I’m afraid I shall have
to arrest you, Agent Booth.
Simmer down. I’m not doing
anything wrong here.
- I’mjust waiting for
Lieutenant Ferry to go offduty.
- He did not murder Ian.
- How you know that?
- My colleagues at theJeffersonian...
have discovered some
very compelling evidence.
I imagine that you learned
that two of Wexler’s teammates
from Henley-on-Thames...
abducted mm from the club
in order to sober h/m up
before a race.
Then they told you
about his argument
and subsequent f/ght...
with LieutenantJasper Ferry
here which Wexler lost after
a well-deserved head-butt.
Why is everybody head-butting
everybody around here? What’s
wrong with a sock to thejaw?
Well deserved?
Why well deserved?
[Sighs] Ian was shagging
LieutenantJasper Ferry’s sister.
Oh. How’d you
figure that out?
A revolutionary technique
which consists ofasking
a series ofquestions...
to a murder victim ’5 friends.
Nonetheless,
I’m terribly impressed that
your scientists can deduce...
almost as much
from a few particulates.
Almost as much.
Almost as much?
Look, I’m sorry
about your sister.
I really have to thank you.
That was excellent advice.
You’re welcome.
It’s always best to be honest.
Good. Then I can tell you
it was tough to take you
seriously at first.
You don’t even look old enough
to drive, so I thought,
“How could you possibly
have any valid insights?”
I have two doctorates.
I know, but doctorates
don’t teach you
about sexual matters.
And being so young, I—
I get it, Dr. Saroyan.
I’mjust—
Being honest, I know.
I’m just very grateful to you,
Dr. Sweets. That’s all.
Dr. Hodgins, Scotland Yard
was interested in those other
particulates you’d found...
that did not
indicate Henley.
Okay, just— Okay.
Okay. And, Angela,
I was wondering when you might
finish enhancing those photos.
- Clark needs ’em.
- You’ll have them when they’re done.
What do you think we’re doing?
Shirking our responsibility
or something?
You know, we’ve been doing
an excellent job around here
even before you showed up,
so regulate yourself, okay?
I think maybe there’s still
a few unresolved issues.
[Chattering]
[Cate]
We’re still questioning
the female students.
It seems that they’re
all accusing each other—
you know, each one thinking that
they were special to Ian.
Hmm. Is that
what you think too?
You’ve been asking questions
ofyour own, I see.
Apparently you were
sleeping with Dr. Wexler.
Don ’t you think that
was something you should
have told us, Inspector?
[Scoffs]
Oh, please.
I’m British first, a cop second
and a woman third. It’s a miracle
it ever came to light.
- For how long?
- Irrelevant.
What you really want to know
is ifsharing Ian with other women
made me want to kill him.
- Did it?
- All those
pretty young students?
The thing that made Ian
so very, very good in bed
was all that practice.
Sorry. Was that indiscreet?
I thought Americans were all
brash and forthright.
[ Cell Phone Ringing]
I thought Brits were frustrated
sexually and repressed.
Brennan.
[Saroyan]
We found something. You busy?
- No, no, this is a fine time.
- Assuming the casts are accurate,
I’ve isolated a stab wound that
originates between the sixth
and seventh thoracic vertebrae.
- Which would have pierced
the lung and heart.
- [Clark] Most definitely.
- That’s a very deep wound.
- Bones, what is it?
Ian was stabbed to death.
- A-And the weapon?
- Don’t know
Maybe they found
something at the scene.
Nice work, Clark Thanks.
Did you find any weapon
at Ian’s apartment that could
have been used to stab him?
No. And I was there
the whole time.
You’re doubting me.
Yes.
Wouldn’t you?
[Brennan]
Inspector Pritchard?
Ijust wanted—
I am not thejealous sort,
and you are painfully naive...
ifyou think my sex life
was limited to Ian,
as I’m sure yours was not.
I didn’t sleep
with Ian.
You didn’t?
No.
Why not? You obviously
fancied each other.
Yes, I noted several
physiological responses
to his presence,
which can only be explained
by sexual attraction.
So why didn’t you
sleep with him then?
Because of Booth.
Oh, you know, I suspected
that you two might be
more thanjust partners.
Oh, no. That’s incorrect.
Booth advised me
not to sleep with Ian,
because Booth didn’t
want me to be another notch
on Ian’s bedpost.
See, I rather saw
it as climbing Everest.
Of course it’s been done before,
but the experience is still breathtaking.
You have a strong sexual appetite
and you’re not hamstrung
by social moralizing.
- I can empathize with that.
- Thank you.
Why didn’t you tell us
you had a relationship
with Wexler?
Because I thought
I’d be taken off the case.
I mean, if Agent Booth
was murdered,
wouldn’t you do everything
in your powers to make sure
that you found the killer?
Yes, but I don’t sleep with Booth.
Have you withheld
any other information?
Why on earth would I do that?
Because you called a meeting to
talk to us, then Clark called
to give us cause ofdeath,
and then we basically
accused you ofmurder.
[Alarm Chirps]
So while Booth
went to get our car,
I followed you to your car, and
we began discussing mountain
climbing and sex with Ian—
Yes, thank you, Dr. Brennan.
I believe I’m up to date now.
[Chuckles]
Oh! You are absolutely right.
I did forget to give you this.
[Horns Honking ]
Hmm. It’s a writ of release
on Frampton’s building site.
The site has been certified
as having no historical
importance whatsoever.
Signed and dated, Dr. Ian Wexler—
shortly before his death.
This document would be worth
millions ofdollars to Frampton.
I suggest that you and Agent Booth
ask Mr. Frampton...
if he forced Ian to sign
that before killing him.
Okay.
Oh.
Word to the wise, Dr. Brennan.
I’d encourage you
not to forego Everest.
Well, it’s too late.
Ian’s dead.
Oh, yes, of course.
To whom else
would I be referring
other than Ian?
Me, kill Wex/er?
According to the papers,
the poor bastard died in a ﬁre.
That wasn’t cause of death.
He was stabbed.
We know that Dr. Wexler
stood in the way
of your latest project.
He was checking the site
for historical value.
It’s the law.
- Nothing stands in your way.
- Everything stands in my way,
Agent Booth.
Environmental groups,
historical societies—
You know, there’s even
a radical preservationist group.
They threatened me
because / want
to improve the city.
“Saviours of Antiquity.”
Hmm.
I’d like to build a time machine,
take all these lunatics
and send them back...
where there ’5 no
air-conditioning or TV.
They can watch their loved ones die
from the ﬂu and the plague
because there ’5 no medicine.
Then see how they like
the good old days.
Right. Um, Dr. Wexler,
uh, signed the writ for
you to start building.
Correct?
[Chuckles]
Of course he did.
He spent two years
rooting around in the dirt,
and all he got was dirty.
We couldn’t help but notice
how recently Dr. Wexler
gave his okay for you to build.
Sol guess the only question is,
how forceful did you
have to get with him?
[Sighs]
I see.
Yeah, so,
I was so inspired...
by the sadistic murder
of my daughter...
that / thought that / would
try one myself
Ifthere’s nothing further,
I’m gonna get blind drunk.
So, / found something very odd
that was on the vict/m—
mercury fu/mina te.
I thought Carn was going to be
sending us all the results.
I’m a grown-up.
I don’t need a middleman.
Now, with this amount
of mercury, I’d think
he’d been poisoned, but...
tox results say otherwise.
And it didn’t
come from Henley?
Nope. I also found
phyllosilicate minerals
and carbonic acid.
I’m not sure where
they came from either.
Hey, can you have them send me
more samples from the remains,
and the locations from
which they came on the body?
Of course.
But Scotland Yard says that
all requests have to come
through Dr. Saroyan.
Right, ’cause nothing could
possibly happen without her.
Is everything okay,
Hodgins?
Yep, sure, fine.
I’ll have our all-powerful leader
send the request.
[Beeps]
Thank you all for coming.
Cam sa/d we had to.
- Or lose ourjobs.
- For insubordination.
Oh, I was kind of hoping that
you all came ofyour own volition...
with an eye to ward
ameliorating a tense situa tion.
Can’t youjust tell her
not to be so bossy?
I’m your boss.
It’s ven/ rmportant to realize
that Dr. Saroyan has done
nothing to merit your anger—
- Thank you.
- as a boss.
But by sexualizing her relationship
with Mr. Barasa—
- Is there no better way to put that?
- Everything else sounds worse.
She’s made you both confront
unresolved feelings...
about Mr. Barasa’s impact on your lives
and how he affects your relationship.
Angela and I love each other
and are getting married.
I know. Why did you think
I was questioning that?
l ook, shrinky,
don ’t go making problems
where there aren ’t any, okay?
Although, the next time
that you drive somebody
to the airport...
/ust let them ﬂy
the hell out of Dodge, okay?
This all would have been a lot easier
if I’d kept my mouth shut.
No. Nonsense.
You’re all friends.
I’m sure now that you see
the situation for what it is,
you’ll know how to move through it.
Am I right?
I think Dad
wants us to apologize.
I apologize for...
sleeping with people.
I apologize for snapping at you
after basically giving you
permission to sleep with people.
Oh, God!
So now everything is fine?
That is the result ofopen
and honest communication
with a highly trained mediator.
[ Hodgins S rghs ]
Fine.
I am sorry for being so cranky—
which is my basic personality,
so it seems stupid to apologize—
Hodgins, would youjust—
I apologize.
[Vera]
Dr. Wexler never said one word...
about giving Frampton the okay
to build condos here.
[Booth ] Well, he signed
a writ saying this place
had no historical value.
I’m stunned, I tell you.
The writ must be a forgery.
After two years, you hadn’t
found anything. I think that’s
a reasonable timeline.
This says we have to vacate
the dig in two days.
But Dr. Wexler felt certain
we were close.
There was a previous Bronze Age
find about 600 meters south.
- That’s his signature, right?
- I don’t care. He wouldn’t do it.
Agent Booth, Dr. Brennan.
Yeah?
Got these from our
forensic accountant.
Wow, look at that.
Some checks
made out to Wexler.
Ten of them
from a shell company
0 wned by Frampton.
Seems that 25, 000 pounds was
the going rate fora piss-broke
forensic anthropologist.
That’s how he paid off his debts.
Frampton bribed Ian
to vacate the dig.
[ Hodgins ] They found
traces of mercury fu/mina te
in the lo wer extremities,
higher concentration
on the patellas...
and the greatest was
where he was stabbed.
- So it was on the murder weapon.
- Yeah, it looks that way.
Any idea what kind
of weapon it was?
No, not yet.
Whatever punctured the bone
was rough, like a stick.
And I’ve tried knives, awls, picks,
but nothing matches.
Who would use mercury fulminate?
It’s used in neon lights, batteries,
by taxidermists and at tanneries,
and in the manufacture
of explosives.
Frampton has different companies.
Maybe one of them uses mercury fulminate.
Yeah, I’ll see what he owns.
I’ll look for any instruments
found in those fields...
that could be used as a weapon.
Ah, look at that,
Bones, huh?
I’m not saying that
we should have a king or a queen
or beheadings and all thatjazz.
I’m just saying, you know,
calling someone, like, uh—
hey— Sir Seeley Booth?
Now, that is civilized.
Oh, what makes you think
that you would be knighted?
Come on.
You’re serious, right? Please.
Well, look at this.
You two seem to be relaxing.
Yeah, I’m gettin’ into it.
My head is feeling a little bit clearer,
as chaotic as the English can be.
So, Pritch, tell me.
You think I got what it takes
to be a knight, right?
That’s not your
first pint, is it?
No.
Did you bring
information on the case?
I ran some checks on Saviours
ofAntiquity. Last year, they were
suspects in the bombing...
of a new construction built
on the site of a 73th-century
church in Ba yswater.
Burnt it to the ground
Mercury fulminate.
- I’m sorry?
- Used to manufacture explosives.
The residue would be on
the bomb makers and could have been
transferred to Ian’s stab wound.
Well, only two other members
ofthe group were charged.
Others were released.
- Look who they let go.
- Cyril.
Yeah, who would be
very angry that Wexler
sold out the dig.
I’m telling you, I/era,
there’s nothing more to be
done there. It’s shut down.
A week, maybe 10 days
to clean up, and it’s over.
So suddenly after two years?
[Booth] Hey, Vera, Dr. Brennan
wants you in the lab.
[Cyril] What, not me?
[Cate]
No, Cyril. Dr. Brennan
wants you to tell us about this.
- Saviours ofAntiquity? Please!
- Where were you on the night
that Dr. Ian Wexler died?
- You can’t be serious.
- Cyril finds out his professor
is on the take and kills him.
I was in Wales,
visiting my parents.
- Cyril quit the Saviours years ago.
- I joined mostly to meet women.
I’m not a fanatic.
Call my mum. Ask her.
Uh, we ate eel.
It’s my favorite dish.
[Door Closes]
[Grunting]
You think they ever made
a Frankenstein in this place?
No, Frankenstein
was the doctor,
not the monster.
Yeah, ’cause
the other way around,
that would make no sense.
- Bones, Iknow that look
- Me too.
Whenever Ian had that look,
it meant that things had
just gotten more complicated.
Clarkjust got
the last ofthe casts,
and while he was finishing
reconstructing the skeleton...
he found an extra bone.
- Wexler had an extra bone?
- No, no.
It’s a shattered section
ofa femur from someone else
that the interns here didn’t identify.
Every piece of bone
you have here was found
and cataloged at the scene.
Well, maybe he held on to it.
Bone people like to hold on to bones.
I think it’s the murder weapon.
- Seriously?
- The entry point ofthe stab
wound is between T6 and T7,
extending approximately
22 centimeters through
the heart and lungs.
The killer used a bone
to stab Ian.
Live by the bone, die by the bone.
It’s— Sorry.
It occurs to me that ifwe find
the origin ofthe bone, then,
well, we find the murderer.
That’s where
the mercury comes in.
This bone displays very high
levels of mercury fulminate.
- What does that mean, Bones?
- Nothing.
- That’s very useful.
I’m more interested in
the fact that it’s ossified.
That basically means
it’s turned to stone.
No, no. Don’t you start
explaining things to me now.
What is the significance
ofthat?
It means it’s over
2,000 years old.
I was already working
at the top of my game
knowing “ossified.”
2,000 years old
puts this bone firmly
in the Bronze Age.
- The site.
- Oh, my God.
So this bone alone would have
prevented Frampton...
from building his skyscrapers.
Yes.
Perhaps the murderer
used it to kill Ian...
as a kind of symbolic revenge
for signing the writ.
- That makes sense.
- No, it doesn’t make sense.
Nobodyjust kills somebody
with a bone symbolically,
not even in England.
- So, what then, Agent Booth?
- You have the fire, the cigarette—
It was all set out of panic.
The killer didn’t act symbolically.
He acted out of rage.
Sweets is actually good at his job.
I know, right? I mean,
did you understand you
weren’t actually mad at Cam?
No, actually, I was mad at her.
I mean, you don’t have sex
with someone and then expect
everything to be fine.
Yeah, not when they’re
supposed to be gone and out
ofour lives. That is not fine.
No, it definitely is not.
Why? You’re divorced.
Why aren’t you fine with
Cam sleeping with him?
Well, for the same reason
you aren’t fine with him
still being in town.
But if everything’s over
with him, wh— why do you
care who he sleeps with?
Why do you care
that he’s still in town?
- I don’t care.
- Obviously you do.
Ifyou were 100% certain of me,
you wouldn’t care. But you do.
Ifyou were 100% certain you
didn’t want him, you wouldn’t
care that Carn slept with him.
You don’t trust me.
Saying that means
you don’t trust me.
[Scoffs]
How can two people who
don’t trust each get married?
- I thought we did trust each other.
- Yeah, I did too.
Two people who don’t trust each other
shouldn’t be together at all.
- You really think that?
- Don’t you?
I mean, yeah, I-I do. I mean,
I actually do think that, but—
Oh, my God
Yeah.
I don’t know what happened.
I don’t either.
But I know it did happen.
I’m gonna— I’m gonna go.
You know, all you had to do
was trust me.
Hey, you’re the one
that’s leaving.
You’re the one
who isn’t stopping me.
[Whispers]
Yeah.
Dr. Wexler would have told us
about a find this important.
Yeah, unless he wanted
to keep the money.
- Dr. Brennan, why are we here?
- This was farmland,
a stable for over 200 years.
Oh, in the 18th
and 19th centuries. So?
No mercury.
But in the 17th century,
there was an inn over there...
and a tannery right there.
One ofthe oldest tanneries
in Kensington.
Oh, my God.
What?
That’s right.
Mercury fulminate.
It’s used in tanning.
The tannery was here
for over a hundred years.
Mercury would have seeped
into the 50/7 and contaminated
whatever it touched
Why is this area covered?
Vera, you supervised
that part ofthe dig.
Nothing was found there.
Dr. Wexler told us to move on.
Booth, will you help me?
Yeah, I got it.
This soil should be loose
from the excavation.
It’s been packed down.
[Cate]
Covered by wooden palettes.
- Vera, what’s going on?
- Nothing. I told you.
Dr. Wexler instructed me
to move on.
- Another ossified bone chip.
This is a Bronze Age site.
- You live for this.
Why’cl you coverit up?
I didn’t do anything.
Cyril, tell them.
We’ve been working together
two years trying to make this ﬁnd
The bone had no hilt.
She would’ve scraped her palm
ifshe stabbed him.
[Scoffs]
You two are very, very good.
We ’re the best.
- Goodjob, Bones.
Come on. Up you go, Vera.
- You don’t understand.
- Have some cuffs, please?
- You don’t understand
what Ian wanted to do.
You kill Wexler
so you could keep
the money for yourself?
- Ian wanted to give the money back.
Don’t you understand?
- Not at all.
/ ’m afra/d/ do.
It was Ian through and through.
He happily accepted
the bribe money when there
was no reason to be br/bed
But the minute they found
something, he got all noble
and princ/pled and—
and wanted to return the money.
- It’d have ruined his career.
- And mine too. Don’t you see?
- He never thought ofthat.
- So, Ian was a good man really?
A relatively good man—
[Sighs]
which was good enough
for some of us.
[Brennan on Message Machine]
Technical/y, you have not
reached Temperance Brennan.
But /f you leave a message,
it will reach her— me—
Temperance Brennan.
[ Line Beeps]
Hey, sweetie, it’s me.
Hodgins and I broke up, and,
uh, I won’t really know why
until I speak to you.
So I’mjust gonna crawl
into bed until you get home,
and then we can—
[Phone Beeps]
Angela.
Oh, God.
[Chuckles]
You again.
I heard you broke up
with the small angry man.
So before I leave,
I want to ask you one more time.
No. No one gets me.
I’m nobody’s.
I understand. Perhaps you can
drive me to the airport?
That’s some kind of code
for you, isn’t it?
Maybe I should take him.
No. I’ll take him.
What’s this?
Look, it’s been very
interesting working here.
But I’m a man of science,
and this place isjust—
- It’s very dramatic.
- Well said.
I just want to work
in a regular lab, you know?
So you want that ride or not?
Yes, he does.
[Sighs]
You know, Wexler was
kind of like a Robin Hood
kind ofa character—
steal from the rich.
I turned down my chance
to sleep with Robin Hood?
Sometimes you just
take the oddest leap.
Hey, Pritch.
[ British A ccent ]
C heerio, mate.
[Chuckles]
“Hello” is fine.
On behalf of Her Majesty
the Queen of England,
I dub you Sir Seeley Booth,
[Knife C latters ]
Knight of the Realm.
Wow.
“Ofﬂcra/ junior Knight. ”
Eh? Look at that. Wait a second.
That’s from a toy store.
It doesn’t mean
you’re not Sir Galahad.
Thanks.
I’m sorry about Ian.
Me too.
It was a real honor
working with you both.
Same here.
Ifyou need a lift
to the airport—
- Bones— She got us a limo.
- Of course.
It would be lovely.
[ Pats Knee]
She likes you.
No.
Yes!
And she’s very sexual.
Enough. It’sjust—
[Laughs] Stop.
I’m gonna miss this place.
,U‘ [Man Singing Pop]
This is definitely not a diner.
Come on. We should go before
someone else gets killed.
Yeah, you’re right.
[Clears Throat]
Here we go. Oh!
My arm?
Thank you.
Thank you, Sir Seeley.
Ah.
[British Accent]
Pleasure, Lady Temperance.
[Laughing]
You sound Australian.
I don’t sound Australian.
,r love don ’t stand ,r
It’s definitely not English.
,rA ghost of a chance ,rJ
What’s that mean?